Features of "Rain_Gauge_Two.ino". Version 2.0

New in this version:  All customizing edits are now in file; located in "variableInput.h."
Additional comments in the "variableInput.h" file.

1. NTP Time; used for 15 minute time interval and date-time stamping; 
"LOG. file gets created daily. File name is in the format "LOGxxyyzzzz" xx being the DATE and yy 
beining the MONTH and zzzz being the YEAR; a new log file is created after every file renaming. 

2. Dynamic web page of current observations showing Last update time and date, humidity,  
temperature, barometric pressure, rainfall by five minutes, hour, and day.

3. Only LOG files are listed as web links; for download.  

4. LOGXXYYZZZZ file is appended every 15 minutes with the latest update; storing data to Dynamic,
web page.

5. URL file names other than ones defined in the Sketch produce "404 Page not found." Methods 
other than "GET," produce "405" message and exits current request.

6. Optional; Audible alert from Piezo electric buzzer when there is Barometric Pressure difference 
of.020 inches of Mercury. I am interested in sudden drop of Barometric Pressure in a 15 minute
interval. Serve weather more likely with a sudden drop. Difference of .020 inches of Mercury
point is set for my observations to log and sound audible alert; not based on any known value
to be associated with serve weather.

7. Optional; two-line LCD Display of Barometric Pressure, in both inches of Mercury and millibars.

8. Temperature, Humidity, Barometric Pressure, and Dew Point have four embedded "ThinkSpeak.com"
graphs on one web page. Graphs are created from Iframes provided by "ThingSpeak.com"

9. HTTPClient library is used to POST data to the Domain, hosted website. Function 
"webInterface" function sends data to Domain website.

10. Free, "000webhost powered by HOSTINGER" may be used for Domain, hosted website.

11. "dataCollector.php" needs to be uploaded to your Domain, Hosted web site.

12 Simple FTP file transfer; allows for easy file maintenance, preventing too many log log files.
Tested with Filezilla client.

13. Built-in OTA update; remote sketch update by web interface; ota function.

14. Two websites,one sketch: "Rain_Gauge_Two.ino"

ES32 Server https://bit.ly/2FiuNE5 Dynamic web page, file browser (selected file can be downloaded), 
and graphs. Note this project is in development; maybe offline or log files may be affected. Server 
is online 24/7; except during periods of testing. Sensor is currenty located inside of house..

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Server is an "Adafruit, Espressif ESP32 Development Board - Developer Edition," PRODUCT ID: 3269. 
Development board, GY-BME280 breakout board, purchased from "Ebay.com," NEO m8n GPS Module,and a 
"tipping bucket" rain gauge are required for project.

Development board is "Arduino" friendly; can be programed using the Arduino IDE.
